Teach Teach Teach us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo Surprise!
n do n do n do us, us, us, Teach Ku nu Teach Ku nu
Teach Ku nu n do n do n do n do n do n do do n do n do
n Teach us, Kunudon!
Hi, everybody! It's me, Kunudon!
Sir, yes, sir!
We're coming up on finals— and at Kunugigaoka Junior High,
Final Exams Final Exams Final Exams
grades are everything!
A miserable future as a loser awaits the human garbage who can't reach the bar!
They'll wind up in the gutter!
The Garbage Class The Garbage Class The Garbage Class
I wonder how our very own garbage class, the E Class, will do?
Terribly, of course! Yay!
You got the basics down cold over the past semester, students.
At this rate, I expect your grades on finals to shoot right up.
Korosensei, do you want us to make the top fifty this time too?
No. I was too focused on your total scores for midterms.
English English English English English English
I've come to believe that each student should have a goal better suited to themselves.
And that's why I've come up with the perfect target for our assassination classroom!
D-Don't worry, Terasaka-kun! You've got a shot at reaching it too!
Now, then... As Shiro-san said, when I lose a tentacle, I also lose speed.
As you can see, even one tentacle makes a difference.
I can't keep up the quality of my images, and now there's a few child images mixed in.
So that's how images are reduced!
Lose one more,
Yay!
and you get more child images with the parent images fretting about how to make ends meet.
This has taken a rather heartbreaking turn.
Lose yet another,
and now the father image has vanished,
leaving the mother image to raise the children on her own.
Sheesh, that's rough!
Each tentacle lost reduces my movement capability by approximately ten percent.
Here's the deal: each student who receives a top score, either overall or in an individual subject,
will have the right to destroy one tentacle.
This is the final exam for our assassination classroom.
Can you get any closer to that ten-billion-yen prize?
That, my students, is up to you.
This teacher...
really knows how to motivate us.
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Finals Time
You believe I'd stop at nothing to make the E Class's grades drop?
Is that truly how you see me?
No... but this stiff here sure has his doubts.
Then let me reassure you:
our school fosters autonomy among its students.
It is not the school that decides a student's grades but the student.
I don't do a thing.
With that wording he chose... there must be more to it.
Student autonomy and all that.
Yes, well.
At least he won't resort to barely-legal petty tricks this time.
Well, since these scores directly influence the assassination,
maybe I ought to give them a leg up.
Let me handle P.E. for a while, okay?
What happened to English?
One tentacle for each top score...
Yeah! We can do this!
Since when are you ever this fired up, Okuda-san?
Well, since science is my one strong suit,
I might finally be able to help everyone out!
We have our share of high-scoring students here.
Acing one subject each isn't that far-fetched!
Shindou Kazutaka Calling Shindou Kazutaka Calling
Shindou Kazutaka Calling Shindou?
Shindou Kazutaka Shindou Kazutaka Shindou Kazutaka
Calling Shindou Kazutaka Calling Shindou Kazutaka
Calling
Hello?
Hey, what's up? Haven't seen you since the tournament.
Yeah. Hell of a game.
I said we'd have our rematch in high school,
but now I'm worried you won't even make it there.
Still as condescending as ever, I see.
So listen...
Right now the entirety of the A Class, our accelerated program,
is in a conference room for an independent study session.
Their leaders are the pride of Kunugigaoka:
a set of geniuses known as the Big Five.
Introducing the accelerated A Class's Big Big Big Five
Five Five Introducing the accelerated A Class's
Introducing the accelerated A Class's
Five Five
Coming in at second place on midterms!
The mass-media hopeful whose social studies knowledge crushes the competition:
Araki Teppei Media Club President Araki Teppei
Media Club President Media Club president Araki Teppei!
Overwhelming Social Studies Knowledge!!
Araki Teppei Araki Teppei Araki Teppei Araki Teppei
Araki Teppei Media Club President Media Club President
Media Club President Media Club President
Araki Teppei Araki Teppei Araki Teppei
Media Club President Araki Teppei Araki Teppei
Araki Teppei Araki Teppei Media Club President
In third place,
dominator of competitions in the humanities, the perspicacious poet:
Sakakibara Ren Student Council Secretary
Perspicacious Poet Sakakibara Ren
Student Council Secretary Perspicacious Poet
Student Council Secretary Student Council Secretary
Perspicacious Poet Student Council Secretary
student council secretary Sakakibara Ren!
In fifth place,
the memorization monster driven by his grudge against Akabane:
Koyama Natsuhiko Biology Club President
Memorization Monster Koyama Natsuhiko Koyama Natsuhiko
Koyama Natsuhiko Koyama Natsuhiko Koyama Natsuhiko
Koyama Natsuhiko Koyama Natsuhiko
Biology Club President Biology Club President
Biology Club President Memorization Monster
Biology Club president Koyama Natsuhiko!
Biology Club President
In sixth place,
the man whose sharp tongue and LA-honed language skills are light-years beyond the rest:
Seo Tomoya Speaker of the Student Council Seo Tomoya
Speaker of the Student Council LA Language Seo Tomoya
Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya
Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya
Speaker of the Student Council LA Language LA Language
LA Language LA Language LA Language LA Language
LA Language LA Language LA Language Seo Tomoya
speaker of the student council Seo Tomoya!
LA Language LA Language Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya
Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya Seo Tomoya
LA Language LA Language
I-Is that you doing these introductions?
Yeah, uh...
I've always wanted to try my hand at announcing.
And reigning over all these from the very top...
We are the sun,
shining on all at the famed Kunugigaoka Junior High.
But now, dark and threatening clouds are forming,
trying to throw shade on our brilliance.
They say the E Class was aiming to get into the top fifty on the midterms.
If so, we must monopolize the top spots
and drive out the gathering clouds.
Let us correct their insolent ideals and protect the light of our school—
by our own hands!
In first place, coming in first on the national mock exams with his perfect mastery of all subjects,
the man with leadership in his genes:
Asano Gakushuu Student Council President
Genetic General Asano Gakushuu Asano Gakushuu
Asano Gakushuu Asano Gakushuu Asano Gakushuu
Student Council President Student Council President
Asano Gakushuu Asano Gakushuu
student council president Asano Gakushuu!
The principal's only son!
I'm having some trouble with question number three, Asano-kun.
Oh, that's a hard one.
Try again, but complete the square first.
The axis of symmetry is x equals a, so... Oh, I see!
They've got popularity and top scores.
The charisma that brings together the proud A Class go-getters,
along with his innate leadership qualities...
How much better to travel a mile with you
than to travel a thousand miles in a day!
Come, let us study until your very vessels are filled with lovely words.
Back in LA, where I lived, that grammar would make you a laughingstock!
What counts is the size of the change that event brought about.
If you can't see that, you'll wind up on the outskirts of society.
Jam 'em in there! Do it!
Memorization is all you need for junior high and high school science alike!
Asano, with his perfect knowledge of every subject,
and the others, with their own specializations...
Together, they form the Big Five.
They're looking to keep you from making it back to the main campus.
If this keeps up...
Thanks for looking out for us, Shindou.
But it's all right. Right now our goal isn't to get out of the E Class.
Still, to meet the goal we do have, we will need to beat the A Class on points.
Watch us, okay? We'll put up a real fight!
Knock yourself out.
The E Class's fight isn't my problem.
Old Campus First in every subject, huh?
Nagisa! Kayano!
Isogai-kun?
Want to study in the main-campus library after class tomorrow?
I reserved it way in advance with finals in mind.
They always shunt the E Class aside till later,
so this is practically a platinum ticket for us!
Let's do it!
I'm in!
What good students!
It seems it was worth putting my tentacles on the line.
Sir,
I have begun raising the standards for the A Class's scores, just as you wished.
Are you satisfied?
Asano-kun, what we need are results.
It is meaningless to report in without results to show for it.
Let's say... The A Class should at least occupy the top fifty ranks and the top spot in all five subjects.
"The E Class cannot do better than any other class."
I understand this principle of yours, but not why you're so insistent on it.
Yes, their grades are improving,
but they can only go so far.
I sincerely doubt they will ever be any match for us.
That is exactly what I want to teach you, Asano-kun.
Sometimes the strong and the weak can switch sides, just like that.
To remain on the strong side no matter what...
That is the hardest thing to do.
Understood, sir.
I shall see to it that your conditions are fulfilled.
Once that's taken care of... May I ask you something, sir?
Not as a student, but as your son?
What's this? Looking to lean on your father?
No, no. I'm just curious.
About the E Class.
Is there something you're hiding?
I just can't shake my suspicions.
You've had many more dealings with the E Class this school year.
As hard as it is to believe...
You're not involved in anything but education, right? Nothing sketchy?
There have been rumors of a suspicious individual.
Artist's rendition Artist's rendition
m 598.5 430.5 l 784.5 430.5 784.5 501 598.5 501
Tanaka-san Tanaka-san Giant flying octopus
Giant flying octopus I saw it!!
I saw it!!
People have reported seeing a giant, yellow octopus flying through the sky,
Security Camera Footage Security Camera Footage
m 1086 847.5 l 1848 847.5 1848 919.5 1086 919.5
or a black-cloaked man buying up all the snacks at the corner store,
Women's 90-Minute Women's 90-Minute Women's 90-Minute
Women's 90-Minute Women's 90-Minute Special Special
Special Special Special Special Special Special
Special Special Special Re-enactment Re-enactment
m 1432.5 96 l 1785 96 1785 201 1432.5 201
Terror!
Then My Stalker Went 'Nyuruhuhuhu'!!
or a mysterious voice snickering behind a well-endowed woman.
I'm sure these are baseless rumors, totally without merit, but...
Why do you want to know? So you can use that information to control me?
Of course!
After all, you're the one who taught me to control everything.
Spoken like my oldest student.
I'll put a collar on you and own you for life.
What a coincidence.
I was just thinking of keeping you as a corporate slave until the day you die.
Well, if it isn't the E Class gang!
This library is wasted on the likes of you.
Pearls before swine, am I right?
Don't tell me... The Big Five?
Beat it, scrubs.
Those are our seats.
Move your butts!
H-Hey! Don't interrupt our studying!
Kayano... Your book.
These seats are ours!
We reserved them and everything!
Yeah! And being able to study with air conditioning like this is simply heavenly!
Have you forgotten?
You E-Class underachievers can't defy a class with much better grades than you—
not at this school.
W-We can too!
What?
We're aiming for the top scores in every subject at finals!
Let's see you try to boss us around then!
Okuda-san... D-Don't talk back to me, you cheeky bitch!
And what's with those glasses? You look like a hick!
Right, Araki?
Oh, yeah.
In all your criticism, you've overlooked something.
See? Here we have a pearl among the swine.
What a pity.
You and I would make a magnificent pair, if only you had the academic chops for it.
Perhaps you could be our servant.
Uh, er... No.
She has the worst luck in men.
Hang on...
Aren't these the same ones from midterms?
Kanzaki Yukiko, ranked twenty-third in Japanese.
We have an opening for a maid.
Nakamura Rio, ranked eleventh in English.
But...
Isogai Yuuma, ranked fourteenth in social studies.
Hey! Cut it out already!
Okuda Manami, ranked seventeenth in science.
I get it. So you're not entirely without academic skill—
in one subject, anyway.
Then how about this?
Whichever of our two classes snags the most top rankings over the five key subjects
gets to make the losing class do whatever they want.
What's wrong? Chicken?
All bark and no bite?
We're perfectly willing to put our lives on the line.
You probably shouldn't be so quick to bet your lives.
A-All right, then!
We have ourselves a deal!
We'll show you something worse than death!
There's no running now!
You'll regret this!
Before long, word of the incident had spread throughout the school.
S-Sorry, Asano...
I just wanted to bluff with some dumb wager,
but those smartasses had to go and take us up on it.
It's not all bad.
Maybe this way we can turn up the heat on the A Class.
But let's clarify the rules so that we won't have any trouble later.
The winner can hand down only one command—
the details of which will be announced after finals.
Only one? That doesn't seem like enough.
So what's ours going to be?
To consent to this agreement.
That is all.
The E Class will pledge their subordination to the A Class as per these fifty clauses.
In return, the A Class will lead the E Class as model students.
It's a status-of-forces agreement. Win-win.
One command encompassing fifty line items of codified servitude?
And that's what you call win-win?
Did you come up with all of this just now?
You're one scary guy.
Scary? Perish the thought.
This is just a little game among us autonomous students.
I've got a good grasp of civil law.
I could whip up a contract that'd break a man.
What I'm trying to convey here, gentlemen,
is that if we play this game, we play for keeps.
We must meet any and all opponents head-on and in all seriousness!
That is the duty of the all-illuminating A Class!
He's sugarcoating the truth to rally the troops.
We all know that, but we jump at the chance to tag along after him,
believing in the victory that lies beyond his hypocrisy.
In our class, the "Ace" class, he is the greatest ace of all: Asano Gakushuu.
There's not a student here who can surpass him.
Come on, Karma-kun! Shape up and study right!
You know you have a fighting chance of getting the overall best score!
Of course I do. Your teaching methods are top-notch.
In-Depth Reading For Finals Slay 'Em! Special Enhanced Lesson
But you know, Korosensei...
with the way you've been going on about top this, top that,
you've been sounding like a regular teacher: crappy and boring.
Anyway, what's the plan?
You know those A Class goons have something up their sleeves.
Don't worry so much, Karma.
What more does the E Class even have to lose?
If we win, we can make them do anything!
I'd like them to let us use the cafeteria!
I have an idea regarding that.
What if we make them hand this over?
The school pamphlet?
You've already been at the bottom of the heap.
That's why I'd like you to experience a lively battle for the top.
An assassin must aim for the top—and bring it down.
Asano-kun's whipped up a belligerent frenzy against the E Class.
We should take advantage of this situation to improve our school ranking.
Don't worry!
Even the A Class will have the devil's own time finding the answer
to these concentrated nuggets of knowledge!
These are no longer mere exam questions!
These problems have evolved into... problemonsters!
Very good. I look forward to seeing how it all turns out.
Hidden among all these radical provisions is one nondescript item.
One that forbids the E Class from keeping secrets.
This is what I'm really after.
Whatever big secret belonging to the E Class it is that you're trying to conceal,
I can use this to shake them up, and then...
Then I'll have found your weakness, and you'll be in my thrall.
After all, Father... The apple never falls far from the tree.
Finals Day
Well, Nagisa?
You ready for this?
If what I studied is on there, sure.
Stand up straight and be a man!
You have a good shot at getting the top score in English!
This'll be rich!
So you made a foolish bet with the A Class, eh?
Wonder what they'll make you do?
Well, looks like we're the first ones here!
Tanaka!
Who's that?!
Ritsu's proxy.
We couldn't get the principal to allow an AI to take part,
so we settled on a stand-in whom Ritsu has personally instructed.
Do you have any idea what it feels like
to have the principal give you a pity-filled
"you've sure got it rough" look during those negotiations?
We're not worthy!
Ritsu has a message for you, and so do I:
"Good luck."
Yes, sir!
I won't lose. I'll keep on beating them all.
These are exams we each take separately,
and yet we still feel like we're entering the same arena as many others:
those we fight beside,
those we fight against,
and the onlookers who cheer and jeer.
This is almost like...
We are assassins.
But right now we're also gladiators.
Today, the bell signals the start of a battle.
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
On English exams with long passages, you might be worried about seeing words you don't know.
But if you read the lines around them carefully, you can often find hints, such as the same ideas phrased in different ways.
Being able to spot subtle hints is a skill in itself, Nakamura-san.
Next time on Assassination Classroom: School's Out Time, 1st Term.
Episode School's Out Time 1st Term